hey guys i'm randall be Dellacqua the
beast for Buford y'all ready to kick it
and learn some billiards I am clue zip
free bird now I just cannot wait to show
you all my five different video
tutorials we got the beginners the
Middle's the ends and the ends ones and
twos how exciting now I have a
beginner's tutorial which is really
greatness for beginners now the first
step before you even shoot any balls you
got to make sure that you're shooting
air is clean Doug will clean off the
gasoline smells good show clean off the
Lambert done you might learn for posture
and pressure in the Middle's video
you'll learn proper break technique and
how to play with certain soul all right
around good good and you want to break
into the flat side of the diamond never
break into the tip but now well look you
do who got a ball in yours truly Randall
did strike it long struck it very long
okay check its solved very very so
in ends part 1 you'll learn trick shots
such as the tarantula the Pearl little
turtle the curious cat the beaver in
ends part 2 you'll be a master pools
minh and a world-class Billy our dear
what time is it bank shot bitch about us
how we do it boom
you can get all this and possibly more
for only six installments of 2999
supplies are limited so call now pour
our truce